Increase precision to high for cpp/static-buffer-overflow (#6760)
github/codeql: cpp/change-notes/2021-09-27-overflow-static.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * Increase presition to high for "Static buffer overflow" query
>   (cpp/static-buffer-overflow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increase precision to high for the "Static buffer overflow" query
  (`cpp/static-buffer-overflow`). This means the query is run and displayed by default on Code Scanning and LGTM.
```
